#!/bin/bash
update-alternatives --remove appletviewer /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/appletviewer
update-alternatives --remove idlj /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/idlj
update-alternatives --remove jaotc /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jaotc
update-alternatives --remove jarsigner /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jarsigner
update-alternatives --remove java /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/java
update-alternatives --remove jar /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jar
update-alternatives --remove javac /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/javac
update-alternatives --remove javadoc /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/javadoc
update-alternatives --remove jdb /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jdb
update-alternatives --remove jlink /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jlink
update-alternatives --remove jstack /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jstack
update-alternatives --remove rmic /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/rmic
update-alternatives --remove unpack200 /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/unpack200
update-alternatives --remove javap /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/javap
update-alternatives --remove jdeprscan /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jdeprscan
update-alternatives --remove jmap /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jmap
update-alternatives --remove jstat /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jstatd
update-alternatives --remove jstatd /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jstatd
update-alternatives --remove jmc /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jmc
update-alternatives --remove wsgen /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/wsgen
update-alternatives --remove jdeps /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jdeps
update-alternatives --remove javapackager /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/javapackager
update-alternatives --remove rmiregistry /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/rmiregistry
update-alternatives --remove wsimport /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/wsimport
update-alternatives --remove javaws /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/javaws
update-alternatives --remove jweblauncher /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jweblauncher
update-alternatives --remove jhsdb /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jhsdb
update-alternatives --remove schemagen /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/schemagen
update-alternatives --remove jmod /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jmod
update-alternatives --remove jcmd /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jcmd
update-alternatives --remove jimage /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jimage
update-alternatives --remove jps /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jps
update-alternatives --remove jconsole /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jconsole
update-alternatives --remove jinfo /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jinfo
update-alternatives --remove xjc /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/xjc
update-alternatives --remove serialver /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/serialver
update-alternatives --remove keytool /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/keytool
update-alternatives --remove jrunscript /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jrunscript
update-alternatives --remove orbd /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/orbd
update-alternatives --remove pack200 /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/pack200
update-alternatives --remove jshell /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jshell
update-alternatives --remove jcontrol /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jcontrol
update-alternatives --remove tnameserv /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/tnameserv
update-alternatives --remove jjs /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jjs
update-alternatives --remove rmid /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/rmid
update-alternatives --remove servertool /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/servertool
update-alternatives --remove libnpjp2.so /usr/java/jdk-10/lib/libnpjp2.so
echo sucesso!
