#!/bin/bash
update-alternatives --set appletviewer /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/appletviewer
update-alternatives --set idlj /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/idlj
update-alternatives --set jaotc /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jaotc
update-alternatives --set jarsigner /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jarsigner
update-alternatives --set java /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/java
update-alternatives --set jar /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jar
update-alternatives --set javac /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/javac
update-alternatives --set javadoc /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/javadoc
update-alternatives --set jdb /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jdb
update-alternatives --set jlink /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jlink
update-alternatives --set jstack /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jstack
update-alternatives --set rmic /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/rmic
update-alternatives --set unpack200 /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/unpack200
update-alternatives --set javap /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/javap
update-alternatives --set jdeprscan /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jdeprscan
update-alternatives --set jmap /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jmap
update-alternatives --set jstat /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jstatd
update-alternatives --set jstatd /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jstatd
update-alternatives --set jmc /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jmc
update-alternatives --set wsgen /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/wsgen
update-alternatives --set jdeps /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jdeps
update-alternatives --set javapackager /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/javapackager
update-alternatives --set rmiregistry /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/rmiregistry
update-alternatives --set wsimport /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/wsimport
update-alternatives --set javaws /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/javaws
update-alternatives --set jweblauncher /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jweblauncher
update-alternatives --set jhsdb /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jhsdb
update-alternatives --set schemagen /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/schemagen
update-alternatives --set jmod /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jmod
update-alternatives --set jcmd /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jcmd
update-alternatives --set jimage /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jimage
update-alternatives --set jps /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jps
update-alternatives --set jconsole /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jconsole
update-alternatives --set jinfo /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jinfo
update-alternatives --set xjc /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/xjc
update-alternatives --set serialver /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/serialver
update-alternatives --set keytool /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/keytool
update-alternatives --set jrunscript /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jrunscript
update-alternatives --set orbd /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/orbd
update-alternatives --set pack200 /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/pack200
update-alternatives --set jshell /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jshell
update-alternatives --set jcontrol /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jcontrol
update-alternatives --set tnameserv /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/tnameserv
update-alternatives --set jjs /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/jjs
update-alternatives --set rmid /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/rmid
update-alternatives --set servertool /usr/java/jdk-10/bin/servertool
update-alternatives --set libnpjp2.so /usr/java/jdk-10/lib/libnpjp2.so
echo sucesso!
